Little boss, are you serious?
This is a whole villa worth more than 10 billion
seriously
Truer than pearls
So I'll sign it.
Chizawa, what's wrong with me?
I didn't just say it.
Is this all in your name?
I just thought about it.
You can give these things to others.
If you put all the villas in my name
What if one day I turn my face and don't recognize anyone?
Brother Chizawa, think again
Don't think about it.
Xiaoya
I only have one sentence
I believe that even if I misread
It doesn't matter if you take these away.
10 billion say
Nothing to me
OK, I see.
Thank you, Brother Tazawa, for trusting me so much
I will never let you down.
When Song Xiaoya's favorability rose, it was currently only 10 points at 80
Never mind.
Better than no rise, my generation still needs to work hard
Hey Xiaoya
Go now
Are you still satisfied with this little one?
I am very satisfied
Good idea.
For the sake of introducing beautiful women to Ben Shao
I'll handle it for you.
I became a genius